[0.1 Drawing](01.Drawing/index.html) 

What brought the concept of creating an emoji for the first mini project drawing that would represent a cat and their thoughts, rose from having two of my own. The constant curiousity on what wanders into their little heads, cross my and likely other pet owners minds daily -- specifically their dreams and experiences in ranges of emotions. My experience when it comes to coding, is minimal. In order for me to have successfully complete this mini project, was taking some self intiative on learning the basics and other necessary knowledge that can support me in drawing a cat emoji with bubbles to indicate their thoughts. While implementing this notion, there were obstacles and areas that were simple to get the hang of. In support of forming a cat, the rythmn on forming a shape and their color shades flew simply. On the other hand, figuring out the correct dimensions on how I wish for them to appear was tedious expecially the whiskers and triangle. That took many trial and errors along with research to solve the placement and size of a shape/line numerous time which at a point felt endless. 

[0.2 Movement](02.Movement/index.html) 

This next mini project, movement, was sparked from a personal attribute; my arab ethnicity.  The ongoing genocide for over 75 years from the isreali occupation hits a massive dagger and urge in me to fight. I am Palestinian and need spread awareness for my country and cultural values. So, what better way then to bring their meaningful sensational chant “To the River to the Sea, Palestine will be Free” into a loop surrounding the screen to symbolize the intensity and massive expression that comes to play into a protest. As the previous mini project,  immense research and logical thinking supported me into achieving this aim. However, I did endure difficulties with how I can create the correct syntax for when I have the palestine colors be randomized into the significant words from he sentences. Along with having it restart into that loop. Despite that, with perserverance into maintaining logical thinking and research, it eventually got running the way I visioned. To add emphasis into the the word river and sea, I had the background color be an ocean blue color for similarity. 

[0.3 Multiples](03.Multiples/index.html)

In the following multiples mini project, it was inspired by a nostalgic game I’ve known for years— snake.io.  I desired to create a similar action where I can incorporate a snake effect with a shape that could be a blocker for it to be surrounding it -- as an obstacle course. In my childhood to early adolescence, this was one of my go to games to play in my leisure times whether it was at home or even at school. Although, the complexities while forming this code was making the green circle swift smoothly like a snake in the correct pace, I later had an insight from continuing to alter and see if it outputs the performance I set for it do. The rest personally appeared to be simple logic thinking and attempts for me and didn't consume as much time as the main action -- the accuracy of the snake effect. To prevent I direct implication of the snake.io game, I added my own features into the effect, the colors changing as the mouse directs in a particular direction and the purple square boxes mentioned as a blocker to have more of my original thought into idea of the game in my own version. 

[0.4 Media](04.Media/index.html)

Lastly, the media mini project was one that tested my patience the most.  This image, sound, and effect was an adaptation from my second mini project; movement.  I wished to further the awareness of the isreali occupation on Palestine, in other words, the genocide. By doing so,  I inserted an image that truly captures the fight and resiliences that Palestinians endure on a day to day basis with an audio of the once again known palestinian chant “To the River to the Sea, Palestine will be Free” to add more passion and a voice into the image itself.  Furthermore, to make it even more make sense, I applied my code from the movement into this one while attempting to have it on the megaphone as a personal effect.The complexities that went into this code was mainly on having that effect on the placement I want it to be — the megaphone. Yet, with sustaining my research and logical thinking once more I was able to have the effect where I wished for it to be. 